m ι. ψῃ.. 1. us

μὴμνιδοιιῃῦηνῦξηωῶουϋιπϋῑα-σε
ἡαπ. whuwmbh-utufiudtoiupnintfflhnm
&nabo-t. Wakkae-oeffimvhmnillnhqnoeuflnnahm
flitmummbtnssqmssshmuthumquioemorm
mols mbmwmeiteoeffinffiussmAnh-—w
meum—nusum.—n.ffloe,agmoevith1aeu‚
&tumbe-unnim. Thffidmmhssnmucfim
wffiflnwuyhofffievfflentim. 'lumnam-ton„
nnc-nanninumwiedvithvmnthehntmppingphoe.
„unqu-&gheepntfoeNy-pus. mmmm-mn,
fflbhffldmmhwingwthemgoeorffienmpln
&fivilga—“om “Tothisln‘eoeoshmthmjngghry
*ehu-mutaminmesshemiradgrhmevenuptothe
mmhnnmflyexhibitedmtfufimtbenmephoewmmh·
tht--dfingocthoblooaocStJmmfinsnthplew-m—
m*- 8oe20.ffi‚19,1a—0⁸.J=unlpah.apffla
msunmmmemongthekmandhhemmedronnykv.
neJmntRumewemnumeronsntthistime3 theybelongednoeuy
ίοῠκὼιοίιίόσήἒιιι. mylivedinapnrticuhrqwtoe,ffieoegio
Qmwoelledthessadem3 jmtasthesenztnomm
dointhequaroermlledsskuo. Withsfaithaodiffermtfiunthe
Runa—they werenpfloverb atnnmroeoednlityandsupenfitim.
Hmeisappnremthemoeningofnonoeinthisexpreoeim—u.
Somn3L2tnkenoacfiveinteroetinhumanaffairs. 'lmeEpicnmm
doetfineoflmaetimdeBer.N⁸t.,6‚823md6,56;Noebae‚qni

SATIRE VI.

mmyduoaoemmfflmhnffingfflmdoe'mm
enmyofmny,=houmoedhimvithhishuffleoeigin,andm1gedhimvizhn
vahloveosnoe'nmbtioetim Totumliebmhninmximosndxpumveanb
fflfiaeoemSntin. &mammonam-&fistucum
mmffldhumhed-mupmoefflydpffladmmy-dosnin
nummo-41). nathan-mamhrthosshfinsshroeffloshimdf
ψὼωῆουὼιμιοίὴῇωοωὴε. Bemmmtheoriginndthnhffl osb·-
mucymus-munau), mmmmmmaQfirfflmw
thbmfflnnm,vh-vimnubhhmmofhbm
thnifheh-dbeanhonnd'nnUbGS-aen ndfflytoh'nmnlbndmnm-
huba-muna rossifu’mvhehhufirfiunanbudnnmambffiomandmhp-
pier :thanishewuldhoenofnkngfimofdininguffldamoesom—uid)

mffirewmufflywtimnfflmemtimastheristh ortmanoek.

l· KQ& Joinmvithmpeaaiignnd quiawith neno—d.
Wf mmmm quidquid, etc.;⁸ndsoen.1·lpod.

